Oh, is Brother Yang finished filming?
Our mother has something to do
Come to eat
Hurry up and eat it clean for me hahahaha
Can't eat Tianjiao
Can't eat you let Hailiang
Thank you my brother for being so nice to you.
You actually betrayed him
I still want our house now.
This ungrateful woman
If I had the chance, I would starve you to death.
Come and kill me
Waiting for you to kill me hahaha
If it weren't for the fact that I was pregnant
How could I possibly marry you?
No idea.
Even my son is not yours
One doesn't respond?
Well, let me tell you one more thing.
Your two sisters were also defiled by me
Thank you for always thinking that I am a good wife and mother
Yo, do you have a sense?
Do you hate me? Come and get the lock
bird
Sister doesn't blame you
Can you stop gambling in your next life?
In the next life, do you still want to have a next life?
Hahahahaha
What do you want?
Have something to say
Ahhh
Lu Yao
Do you regret it?
Give you a chance to start over, are you willing to change?
I would.
As you wish